docs(profiling): Update profiling landing docs with function widgets (#7588)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/profiling/index.mdx

## Profiling Page

The **Profiling** page shows a list of transactions in descending order of execution time for your selected project(s).

> The "Profiles by Percentiles" timeline chart can be used to filter the transaction data by highlighting the desired time period.
> 
> Below that, there are three widgets to choose from. The "Suspect Functions" widget shows you a list of the functions that took the most time in your application. It lists out the transactions where the function was called from and clicking on the transaction will take you to an example profile. The "Most Regressed Functions" and "Most Improved Functions" widgets shows you a list of the functions that have gotten slower/faster over time. Clicking on on the timings will take you to an example from either before/after the detected regression/improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Profiles by Percentiles" timeline chart can be used to filter the transaction data by highlighting the desired time period. Below that, there are three widgets to choose from. 

The "Suspect Functions" widget shows you a list of the functions that took the most time in your application. It lists the transactions the function was called from. Clicking on a transaction will take you to an example profile. The "Most Regressed Functions" and "Most Improved Functions" widgets show you a list of the functions that have gotten slower/faster over time. Clicking on the timings will take you to an example from either before/after the detected regression/improvement.
```

Using the Profiling page is typically an advanced workflow, enabling you to directly select transactions of interest and examine detailed profiling data.

> ![Profiling page](profiling-page-view.png)

Reviewer: I think having the screenshot following the first sentence works better.
